The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Walt Disney

As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy.
Abraham Lincoln

Who is wise? He that learns from everyone. Who is powerful? He that governs his passions. Who is rich? He that is content. Who is that? Nobody.
Benjamin Franklin

Believe nothing, no matter where you read it or who has said it, not even if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense.
Buddha

Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.

It isn't enough to talk about peace. One must believe in it. And it isn't enough to believe in it. One must work at it.
Eleanor Roosevelt

If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.
John F. Kennedy

The Journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
Lao Tzu

The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems. 
Mahatma Gandhi

You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.
Malcolm X

Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you dind't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Mark Twain

If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
Mother Teresa

There is no easy walk to freedom anywhere, and many of us will have to pass through the valley of the shadow of death again and again before we reach the mountain top of our desires.
Nelson Mandela

You never need an arument against the use of violence, you need an argument for it.
Noam Chomsky

If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
Nora Roberts

What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Ralph Waldo Emerson

It's better to keep your mouth shut and give the impression that you're stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
Rami Belson

I would like to be remembered as a person who wanted to be free... so other people would be also free.
Rosa Parks

In any situation, the best thing you can do is the right thing; the next best thing you can do is the wrong thing; the worst thing you can do is nothing.
Theodore Roosevelt

Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them. 
William Shakespeare

What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. 
Zig Ziglar

It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years!
Abraham Lincoln

True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it be lost.
Charles Caleb Colton

A man who won't die for something is not fit to live.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.

What does not destroy me, makes me strong.
Friedrich Nietzsche

Ask not what your country can do for you - ask what you can do for your contry.
John Fitzgerald Kennedy

Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely. 
Lord Acton

Enable every woman who can work to take her place on the labour front, under the principle of equal pay for equal work.
Mao Tse-Tung

History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again.
Maya Angelou

The young man knows the rules but the old man knows the exceptions.
Oliver Wendell Holmes

To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. 
Ralph Waldo Emerson

The future belongs to those who believe in the buauty of their dreams.
Eleanor Roosevelt

If music be the food of love, play on.
William Shakespeare

Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Ralph Waldo Emerson

Trust yourself. You know more than you think you know.
Benjamin Spock

Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good. Luckily, this is not difficult."
Charlotte Whitton

I keep six honest serving-men they thaught me all I know; their names are What and Why and When and How and Where and Who.
Rudyard Kipling

Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety nine per cent perspiration.
Thomas Alva Edison

Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so fuew. 
Winston Churchill

You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want.
Zig Ziglar

Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.
Albert Einstein

In the future everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.
Andy Warhol

All that we are is the result of what we have thought. 
Buddha

Let me say, at the risk of seeming ridiculous, that the true revolutionary is guided by great feelings of love. 
Che Guevara

Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
Dr. Seuss

You see things; and you say "Why?" But I dream things that never were; and I say "Why not?"
George Bernard Shaw

A thing of beauty is a joy forever.
John Keats

Far away there in the sunshine are my highest aspirations. I may not reach them, but I can look up and see their beauty, believe in them, and try to follow where they lead.
Louisa May Alcott

Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
Marcus Aurelius

He who loses wealth loses much; he who loses a friend loses more; bu he who loses his courage loses all.
Miguel de Cervantes

Life is too important to be taken seriously!
Oscar Wilde

The folly of one man is the fortune of another.
Sir Francis Bacon

No army can withstand the strength of an idea whose time has come.
Victor Hugo

Fashions fade, style is eternal.
Yves Saint Laurent

We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle

Take Pride in how far you have come, and have faith in how far you can go!
Christian Larson

No passion so effectively robs the mind of its powers of acting and reasoning as fear.
Edmund Burke

It is never too late to be what you might have been.
George Eliot

Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
John Lennon

Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Mahatma Gandhi

Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, ut the reality great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
Mark Twain

What is a cynic? A man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing. 
Oscar Wilde

There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.
Sir Thomas Aquinas

Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers.
Voltaire

There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics.
Benjamin Disraeli

Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater that any obstacle.
Christian Larson

If you could say it in words there would be no reason to paint.
Edward Hopper

Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
George S. Patton

Live simply so that others can simply live.
Mahatma Gandhi

It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size fo the flight in the dog.
Mark Twain

Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
T. S. Elliot

We judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing, while others judge us by what we have already done.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow

The world is full of willing people, some willing to work, the rest willing to let them. 
Robert Frost

Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day; begin it well and serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.
Ralph Waldo Emerson